Welcome to the Apple TV
Distribution Program Overview.
This program is for TV providers
that are interested
in partnering with Apple
to distribute Apple TVs
to customers
as an over-the-top set top box
replacement.
So let's get started.
In this video we'll go through
the Zero Sign-On user experience
and how to support it
with the authentication context,
VideoSubscriberAccount
framework,
and the set top box APIs.
The Apple TV
Distribution Program
enables Apple TV
to become the center
of your customers' content
consumption experience.
During Apple TV setup,
your TV provider brand
is promoted
and the Apple Zero Sign-On
user experience is enabled.
Customers are presented
with a welcome screen
to your service
informing them
of the automatically
authenticated account
and the TV provider app
to be installed.
This allows customers
to have a seamless experience
with your service
so they can watch video
right out of the box.
Oh, and one more thing,
all of these features work
even if the customer
doesn't have an iTunes account.
So that's Zero Sign-On.
Next,
the authentication context.
The technology at the center
of all of these features
is your authentication context.
It is what allows customers
to sign-in
to your TV provider service
at the OS level.
This system-level authentication
is then leveraged to provide
seamless authentication
to your application
and any other
TV provider-supported apps
on device.
The authentication context
is a web service
hosted on your server
that is downloaded to device
and executed at run time.
It is built using JavaScript
and XML,
and a single
authentication context
runs on both iOS and tvOS.
With authentication
at the system level,
customers only have to sign in
once with Single Sign-On
or not at all with Zero Sign-On.
That's authentication context.
Next is the
VideoSubscriberAccount
framework.
This framework
is what allows your app
and any other
TV provider-supported apps
to communicate with your
authentication context
to request its
app-level authentication.
When integrating with
the VideoSubscriberAccount
framework,
it's important to remember
that you're dealing
with authentication
at two different levels.
You will need to request
authentication
from the system for your app.
From that point forward,
your app's authentication state
needs to mirror the system
authentication state.
This requires special attention
for all the different UI and
UX flows coming into your app.
Once implemented,
you will deliver your apps
to the Apple Media Products
video team via TestFlight
for a final QA sign-off.
This is required before
submitting the app
to App Store review
for approval and release.
That's VideoSubscriberAccount
framework.
Last are the set top box APIs,
they are what enable Apple TV
to know which TV provider
to feature.
They also allow TV providers
without an in-home
auto-authentication solution
to automatically
authenticate customers.
Apple TVs distributed by you
will feature your TV service
to customers
in the setup process.
In this same screen,
customers are informed
of the auto-authenticated
account and app to be installed.
The set top box APIs are a
server-to-server communication
used to assign to and remove
profiles from devices.
The APIs will only work
with Apple TVs
purchased from Apple
for distribution by you.
So that's the set top box APIs.
Through Zero Sign-On,
the authentication context,
the VideoSubscriberAccount
framework
and set top box APIs,
the Apple TV
Distribution Program
enables Apple TV
to become the center
of your customers'
TV experience.
In summary, the Apple
TV Distribution Program
highlights your TV provider
brand,
it promotes your applications
to the customer,
and eliminates the sign-in
process for your customers
enabling Apple Zero Sign-On.
The Apple TV
Distribution Program
and Zero Sign-On are a win-win
because your customers
get a customized,
streamlined experience
and you get
more visible promotion
in the Apple TV experience.
Thank you.